		NEGATIVE FUTURE SENTIMENT

I think bitcoin is going down soon
I think bitcoin is going down today
we have a bear flag on the hourly
we have a bear flag on the daily
we have a bear flag on the weekly
bear flag until proven otherwise
the top is in
expect to dump tomorrow
expect to dump soon
fair chance we see lower lows
still looking bearish
continue to be bearish
bitcoin forming huge bearish divergence
lower low on the daily chart
bitcoin formed double top
bearish divergence signal
what doom actually looks like
dumping into support
heading lower
still feeling bearish
trend is now bearish
horizontal resistance
daily market structure is rekt
going to lower lows
bitcoin in bearish mode
reaching new lows
bitcoin sell signal
support breakdown further
further breakdown soon
let's dump it
bitcoin will dump soon
bitcoin will dump to
i feel bitcoin is going to go bear mode
further down
bitcoin weekly candle turned red
bitcoin daily candle turned red
bitcoin local top here
bitcoin on track to decrease
bitcoin is ticking down
gut feeling bitcoin has turned bearflag
bitcoin will go down further from here
prediction
prediction bitcoin price will decrease from baseline over next hour
bitcoin market 1h timeframe bearish
bitcoin market is weak
short bitcoin
future price of bitcoin is going down
future trend is down
orange coin go down
number go down
may soon enter bear market
looks like further move down is coming
bitcoin looking bearish
is on the way down
riding the trend down
bitcoin rejected
looking really bad here
looking really bad soon
looking really bad right now
it feels like dump soon
bitcoin about to make a move down soon
lead to a fall move down
holding my short
short bitcoin
bitcoin dumping right now
bitcoin totally rekt right now
bitcoin rekt
i find pretty bearish
bearish divergence on the hourly
bearish sentiment
and then come back down
I'm scalping shorts
looking weak
looking weak right now
looking weak on the hourly
i find pretty bearish
i find pretty weak at these levels
bitcoin looking a lot more bearish now
looking like a local top
recent price action down
bitcoin isn't done dumping
bitcoin retreating
bitcoin heading down
bitcoin heading lower
bitcoin down to 4k soon
bitcoin further breakdown
bull trap
riding bitcoin down
further losses here
i expect further losses
more selling pressure
head and shoulders
new lows incoming
short term bearish
short term buying pressure is weak
daily also looking bearish
buying pressure slowing down
pullback soon
a little bullback coming up
would be a good place to sell
bitcoin daily also looking bearish. you usually want to see buying pressure picking up towards resistance not slowing down
think a little pullback to $9.2k range would be a good place to get sellers to stop selling and momentum can retest
bitcoin obv still looking weak. dropping the price.
sorry lads but this looks horrible
more downside imo
momentum breakdown signal
bullish exhaustion signal
fail to hold here
rotate back down
sell signal
elevator down
price is likely going to drop soon
looking to take profits here
looking to take profits near
reverse of uptrend
No we would want to see increased selling volume now to continue down.
diamond bottom breakdown or retest of $9850 though
When a diamond pattern is down in a downtrend
Short term I think buying pressure is weak and we need $9,200 to $9,300 range to excite buyers again. OBV short term bearish.
$BTC daily OBV also looking bearish. You usually want to see buying pressure picking up towards resistance not slowing down. Think a little pullback to $9.2k range would be a good place to get sellers to stop selling and momentum can reset.
Think there will be a correction wave incoming to wipe out a good chunk of retail profits.
$BTV OBV looking a lot more bearish now. Now that it broke down so sharply it's looking like a local top. Suggests that recent price action moving up will most likely come down.
Pretty weak buying action.
I'm scalping longs.
rekt signal
I wouldn't be shocked for a quick wick dip down to 9300
$BTC looks like it wants to dump
I’m just exiting my position until
Bitcoin looks a little sick to me.
bitcoin looking sickly
bitcoin price is softening
too risky at these levels
taking profits here
taking risk off the table
bitcoin looking like bubble territory here
this wont end well
we will never see $10k again
run and take some profits off the table
major time is in
further downward pressure
Re-opening my shorts with half risk now
contra
Just closed my long at 10% gain  Btc is going to piss on the fireworks  If I see strong action at 7650+ I would be confident of another scalp.
I am cautious
#btc Another triangle. It also looks like bull flag.
Bitcoin’s Recent Rally May Have Run Its Course, Technicals Show
Do something already $btc
#BTC is not out of the woods yet.
Still might see a slight regression to that top blue trend line

		RELEVANT SENTIMENT LIST

damn inverse btc looks so bearish wtf
Bears holding the line for now.
Days like today re-emphasize the importance of taking profit on the way up.
Not every chart will go your way every time.  Make sure to pay yourself before you can't.
This certainly won't be helping price any time soon.
Fed won't let BTC pump because Fed will buy BTC everytime it pumps with endless Fed money.
semi-bear market trendline while consolidating below key resistance
When the retest happens it's hard to admit it's a retest.
Maybe miners did dump on us
So daily levels are overbought
It’s scam wick weekend give us those $btc stop hunt moves not asking for much maybe $500 move both ways.
Stock market correlation BTC shorts will end up like Bakkt launch longs back in September 2019
give us some stop hunt wicks.
Let the chop chop $btc market continue
Expecting this for BTC.  Down before up again.
lower (9200) before higher imo (in my opinion)
Let the chop chop $btc market continue.
re-accumulate lower.
Think btc rallies into blue range where the confluence of MA200 and previous PA give a good chance of rejection and pullback.
Looks like sellers still in control
OBV still looks ready for a tumble. Might come come towards the end of the weekend.
Careful, they may try to shake us out one more time
We really just gonna see a slow bleed where no one gets options settled
$BTC has gone back to test the previously untested level.
the road down continues
rektness has already started for $BTC
Strong sell signal
Not looking the hottest, but shorts piling in here aggressively. Quite a lot of fuel to lean on, but bulls go now or this is toast.
Took profit across the board earlier.
Breaking below here again and I think it's game over.
Bitcoin = failed rallies
HEAD FAKE
$BTC  Last short played out perfectly - deviation into supply, back inside and across the entire TR.  This is what I'm looking for next.
$BTC with the retest at $9k
If given the opportunity, i'll try a short here $btc  If it's distribution, could be last test before breakdown imo
on strong bearish trend
Rejection here possible
short liqs grabbed from the lows in this move
$BTC Target, bulls must step up here.
Market feeling weak right now
$BTC has had 2 consecutive daily candles below the trend line support and continues to fall.
i'm looking for a move towards the bottom of this triangle pattern
If $BTC can't get above that diagonal, we're going further down
$BTC 4-Hour  Price failed to hold the range EQ
I don’t see the appeal in longing this
Bitcoin again favoring the lows
but getting real close to rolling over
Time to exercise caution
my bearish stance on bitcoin
$BTC  Lose orange and I will be very confident in my target of 8.7k being reached
I'll look to buy the fkn dip Friday around CME expiry, off timing now looks too nasty
So $btc bulls need to wake up
I see descending triangle forming
If this doesn't hold I will start moving to fiat and flip bearish
Don't get comfy in longs
Keeping it going Another bearish retest $BTC
I'm currently in a short position
