		POSITIVE FUTURE SENTIMENT
		
I think bitcoin is going to go up soon
we have a bullflag on the hourly / daily / weekly
Gut feeling says we go up from here
We going to the moon bois!W
we goint to the moon boys!
The bottom is in
expect to pump tomorrow / soon
fair chance we see higher highs
still looking bullish
continue to be bullish
Bitcoin forming huge bullish divergence on the daily chart
All these bearish signs will die
higher high on the daily chart
Bitcoin formed double bottom
Bullish divergence signal
What moon actually looks like
pumping into resistance
breaking the downtrend
still feeling bullish
trend is now bullish
horizontal support looks to be holding
daily market structure remains intact
holding above monday’s low and monthly open
Swept the weekend lows into the 1D bullish breaker and fib cluster
bitcoin in bullish mode
charge to new highs
bitcoin buy signal
let’s go
full moon it
momentum breakout signal
buy signal
moon signal
momentum channels
bitcoin will surge to
we have positive momentum going into next week
follow the momentum
I bet bitcoin is going to up
I feel bitcoin is going to go bull mode
push bitcoin up
bitcoin weekly candle turned green
bitcoin daily candle turned green
bitcoin turning the bend here
bitcoin on track to increase
bitcoin is ticking up
gut feeling bitcoin has turned bullflag
bitcoin in good shape to go up from here
bitcoin will go up further from here
prediction
prediction bitcoin price will increase from baseline over next hour
bitcoin market 1h timeframe bullish
bitcoin market is strongly trending up
current momentum suggest the market is bullish
long bitcoin
future price of bitcoin is going up
the future trend is up
orange coin go up
number go up
may soon enter bull run
may soon enter bullrun
looks like a move is coming
bitcoin looking bullish
bitcoin still moving within the wedge channel
waiting for reaction near the mark
symmetrical triangle formed on bitcoin
is on the way
riding the trend up
I don't think gets rejected again
Could seriously take us to
looking really good
looking really good right now
it feels like we are on the edge of the world's biggest pump right now
complete parabolic potential
deep down we know it's coming
let's do it
lets do this
bitcoin about to make a move up soon
such formations on bitcoin usually lead to a violent move up
holding my long
long bitcoin
long at re-test which gives us nice profit
nice bitcoin pump right about now
I find pretty bullish
Seeing the fib level get broken and seeing us flirt with breaking the 20 MA, I'm feeling a push up to $9,800
Think we'll re-test the supertrend there and then come back down
looking strong
bitcoin looking a lot more bullish now
looking like a local bottom
recent price action moving up
bitcoin isn't done climbing
think we could see it really take off soon
bitcoin going strong
once the supertrend turns bullish i think we'll see this one fly
bitcoin up to 10k soon
bitcoin weekly has the ichimoku breakout now with a bullish MACD
bear trap
riding this wave up
moon next
momentum breakout
i'm still very bullish
positive price adjustment will follow soon
i see potential weekend nuke
buy signal
stairs up
boom
reverse of downtrend
going long here
going long
enter the buy zone
bitcoin finally breaking upward range
breaking upward resistance
I closed my shorts
launching soon
stronger buy volume still than sell
increasing volume
increased buying volume
a diamond pattern at the top here
bitcoin now up 113% and looking strong!
Nice upward trend forming with the bitcoin
bull div on the bitcoin playing out nicely.
going strong. Up 12% from entry.
looking really good. bitcoin keeps moving up.
Think we could see it really take off soon.
Bitcoin about to make a move up soon.
Seeing the fib level get broken and seeing us flirt with breaking the 20 MA, I'm feeling a push up to $9,800.
bitcoin  seemingly breaking a LTF bull pennant here looking Extremely Bullish
$BTC OBV on the 4h is very bullish for price not moving much. Generally this means it's about to move up (bullish).
Double bottom, increasing volume, easy play for me
breaking the downtrend and the 4h supertrend is now bullish.
Horizontal support looks to be holding.
$BTC still looking bullish.
It's now created it's third must hold area for me to continue to be bullish.
We will need to continue to hold above $9k on closes. For now think we might retest low $9k again before going back up.
a true Cup and Handle and watch $BTC pull this off.
$BTC OBV still looking strong after breaking that downtrend.
Just warming up
The price should continue to climb until we hit the major diagonal log resistance in the 11K range.
The next leg up is imminent
Interesting to note that btc previous monthly range is squeezed in the same width as prior to the last trending break upwards, and is currently in a similar uptrend.
BTC looking primed as well
rocket to the moon
it could mean a bull run is brewing
Back in the Game
Bitcoin is meant to hover $10k
Indicator That Predicted Bitcoin Rally Would Top at $10,500 Flips Bullish
i expect to see some major rallies soon
fireworks on btc soon
Bitcoin will most probably make a move today, Get ready everyone
looking really good right now.
My predicted bitcoin price is 9,871 Usd
others will follow tonight for sure $BTC
is steadily growing over time
going all in now
buying this dip
buy the dip
BITCOIN PUMP IN 24 HOURS
re-opening my longs


		RELEVANT SENTIMENT LIST
		
btc test handl right now could serious take us break think get reject test
btc look realli good
tri stay away post feel avoid bias other howev today feel like bitcoin want pump done ta today feel there complet useless tweet
bvol enter buy zone iv got crush there time buy option there time sell option buy vol here play
btc momentum breakout signal exchang bitmex symbol xbtusd timefram signal momentum breakout date pm sign up indic gainzi momentum channel messag access
bitcoin daili obv worth note still hour until close good look bull
anyon drawn descend triangl yet would doubl up nice fib take price rang tripl up larger revers head shoulder drawn month ago abov
btc put major top will first major top flat neg fund put better would first major top posit fund mayb time will differ
happi friday buy bitcoin get way grayscal
near respons major think closer bottom major wrong beware money illus nomin valu price btc actual closer top fib level fib lie
checkout slope price floor over past month look slope day avg project come year coincid trillionusd bitcoin
structur chang option market skew flatten put buy ralli non materi squash seller hit skew premium rv market consolid induc iv apathi precipit domin call seller cme up size
bitcoin suppli move over year show increas investor hodl behaviour last time saw level right btc bull market
care go one big green candl directli yearli chart
tldr bullish jun jul btc
time trade btc impli volatil trade time thought risk mention abov huge under price therefor went straddl prepar take day decay wrong
well sure seem bullish send everyth time high btc
appear bitcoin brink break downtrend channel end ralli current price level sinc earli monthli close abov point would incred signific bull
btc key flip support will forc push real fun start happen
reason rise wedg fail miser btc price move parabol fashion peopl lost insan amount coin trade setup
nice simpl chart pretti obviou green zone below green line buy accumul bitcoin mayb visit line pretti soon mayb visit line year
when btc final break rang go explosive id say within week possibl within month
btc btc xbt btcusd insanley bullish last time bitcoin close like rip up day top imo keep repeat here think right
trendlin break look avoid common mistak plagu mass break neg slope trendlin might provid playabl lower tf long htf trend chang signal often lead trap keep market structur first alway
btcusd cram wax ear miss siren song could see nice ralli here psycholog resist round number get torn
short term skew collaps flat last day bitcoin option trader turn bullish
buy signal bitcoin buy signal ni ongo partial profit signal cien rok more stock spi gld
symmetr triangl form btc slight chanc dip low way
still get everyon obsess tri short bullish action everyon tri find next place short rather ride trend up
Supra
I've adjusted my target a little but overall, nothing has changed for me. Still keeping my bull bias for $BTC until invalidated. I might even add to my position if we revisit near my entry.
Bitcoin’s Monthly Candle Flips Bullish as Macro Outlook Grows Brighter
Still long #bitcoin $btc to follow the stock market &amp; go up
$BTC CME GAP Signal  Exchange: CME Symbol: BTC1! Timeframe: 1D Signal: Gap Down
BTC go boom boom
If you think $BTC is going back to $3k, I have some bad news for you:  Santa Clause is not real. Your parents made it up.
I have no idea when the next #bitcoin rally is going to be, but with all the madness in the stock market, the world, crowds, FOMO, halving, brrr.  Good lord, whenever that bull decides to ride in,   I think it will MELT YOUR FACE.
As we can see here the bot is saying BTC will go "all the way up"
Grab your seat.  Its just 21 days away.
$btc : moving airway now. Bulls are strong and powerful.
All the way up
22 days to fulfill the prophecy.
$bitcoin let's go!
Time for #BTC to fly.
Big move in coming
$BTC $GBTC has been forming a large megaphone pattern for nearly a year. A daily or weekly candle close of the upper megaphone trend line would offer an excellent buy signal with a stop below the trend line.
#BTC looks bullish to me
Still long #bitcoin $btc to follow the stock market &amp; go up
Not far from breakout point now. Also head&amp;shoulders on the daily to start the accumulation pattern on bigger frames. This will go real good, if bitcoin breaks upwards.
Push! Push! Push! Its Rising! $BTC market
Another bull case for bitcoin.
STRAP IN BOIS
chart prints "major bullish signs" as explosive move in Bitcoin nears
ALL EYES ON #Bitcoin
Dayum
Fractals predict a Bull run starts on July 1, 2020
Massive breakout could be due. #BTC
Wow!!! I’m in awE!!!
Bitcoin’s Monthly Candle Flips Bullish as Macro Outlook Grows Brighter
I'm long and scared. Please pump market for me will ya.
Peeps keep things simple   #bitcoin distribution range is $8600-$10500   As long as $8600 holds you’re fine.   My long range anywhere $8600-$9100 I’ve been longing..  My short range $9900-10500 I’ve been shorting. 
bulls holding the line for now
bitcoin will be HUGE this MONTH
btc will be HUGE this MONTH
Bottom signal
$BTC Potential scalp setup
this about to rip lmao
Looking for this fractal to play out as well.
weekly and monthly levels are still bullish
We formed a pin at support on the daily and continuation candle on the weekly
Plan for next week, as long as we hold this level I will be looking for longs towards
Will be looking for longs next week.
Let’s liquidate some of those late shorters
I am bullish once we claim 0.0258 BTC and make a higher high.
RSI on weekly shows support, so I am expecting $BTC to outperform $ALTS in the coming weeks.
bullish pennant pattern, breakout soon
BTC 50% profit within few days still more rooms for Upward
clears current resistance area then should have close to 50% gain til next resistance Eyes
Update: trying breakout here
just a reminder that this chart still looks dope AF and should be moving again
Update: bullish ascending triangle
Update: breakout and successful retest
btc on the move
btc ascending triangle here, breakout soon
breakout and successful retest
update: Breakout confirmed
btc 1H chart breakout, MACD turning bullish
HTF breakout in progress... Currently testing the 200D EMA on the daily
When btc pumps, she pumps Rocket
bullish pennant pattern, breakout soon
FREE TO GO
bitcoin engines just started to heat up... fireworks expected in the next days RocketRocketRocket whoop whoop
Consolidating for 1.5 months already. This is going to be a monster move for $btc soon
#bitcoin   4H setting up nicely.
but added to long
Institutional positions remain in long
formed bullish crosses at
buy bitcoin in a few days
Lots of $BTC bears are about to become bulls.
buy signals shown on daily
Overall still following the plan I’d prefer on the bullish perspective.
Looks like a bullish reclaim and a re-test of demand.
Imo it’s more likely that btc will moon without going below 8k vs seeing a retest of the yearly open at 7.1k
Grabbed a position in this too
Yea BTC is probably going to rip up now..  Super aggressive selling into this low, price not dropping as much as it should.
Looks at this buy signal
as long as this 4h supertrend stays bullish and we bounce here I could see $9,600 next.

Bullish continuation for S&amp;P 500 = can add to positions.
holy fuck i think we're all going to make it
i don't remember feeling this bullish on the markets as a WHOLE in years lmao
looking for a long trigger in a couple hours,
The #Bitcoin hash ribbon just flashed "BUY"!
Still long $BTC
Looking forward to the next 1000$ candle up to get all bears rekt &amp; make them buy at higher prices👀  $BTC
$BTC - EMA 12/26 still holding bull cross
The narrative is still bullish to drive price higher in the short term
BTC - BULLISH FLAG HERE + BREAKOUT AND NOW RETESTED. IF WE HOLD THIS PRICE - 10800 soon!
Keep in mind, exchange $BTC supply at all time low, Tether brigade minted big recently
Damn this is #bullish!
TIME TO TAKE LONG $BTC AGAIN. BULLS, It's time to kill some BEARS.



